1 INTRODUCTION
1.1   Welcome to our website (“Website”). Our Website is provided to you by Aston Martin Lagonda Limited, a company registered in England and Wales at Companies House (“Aston Martin”, “us”, “we” or “our”). Our registered office is at Banbury Road, Gaydon, Warwick CV35 0DB England and our registered number is 01199255. Our VAT number is 904447237.

1.2   Please read these general terms and conditions (“General Terms”) carefully - they set out the basis on which you are allowed to use our Website. If you have any questions about them or don’t accept them, please contact our customer services department whose details appear at the end of these General Terms.

1.3   In addition to these General Terms, your use of our Website may also be subject to other terms and conditions and policies which are referred to below.

1.4   The Aston Martin Art of Living Experiences website (the “Experiences Website”) which is accessible via our Website is hosted, managed and maintained on behalf of Aston Martin by Quintessentially (UK) Limited (“Quintessentially”), a company registered in England with number  03879072 and whose registered office is at 29 Portland Place, London, W1B 1QB.  These General Terms govern the use of the Experiences Website which shall be deemed to be “our Website” for the purposes of these General Terms, unless stated otherwise.  The Terms of Purchase are not applicable to events and experiences detailed on the Experiences Website.  Any purchases made for events or experiences shall be governed by the terms and conditions applicable to the particular experience and experience provider.   

1.5   You should save and/or print out a copy of these General Terms for your future reference.

2 USING OUR WEBSITE
2.1   You, as the user of our Website (“you” “your” and “yourself”), can use our Website for your own personal non-commercial use.

2.2   Access to our Website is permitted on a temporary basis and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the service without notice. You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary to access this Website. You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons accessing our Website through your internet connection are aware of these General Terms.

2.3   You are not permitted to use, or cause others to use, any automated system or software to extract content or data from our Website except in cases where you or any applicable third party has entered into a written agreement with us that expressly permits such activity.

2.4   You acknowledge that we cannot guarantee that our Website will:   

a.	stay the same as we might change or remove it or make access to it subject to registration or charges;    

b.	be compatible with all or any hardware or software which you may use;    

c.	be available all the time or at any specific time;    

d.	be accurate and up to date; or    

e.	be error-free or free of viruses, electronic bugs, Trojan horses or other harmful components and you must take your own precautions accordingly.

2.5   You also acknowledge that:   

 a.	we cannot guarantee the speed or security of the Website; and    

b.	we will not be responsible for any damage or loss you may suffer directly or indirectly as a result of any virus attack that can be traced to our Website to the fullest extent permissible by law.

3 VARIATIONS
3.1   We may from time to time vary these General Terms and/or the terms and policies referred to in these General Terms. Please check our terms and policies regularly to ensure you are aware of any variations we may make. If you continue to use our Website, you are deemed to have accepted such variations. If you do not agree to such variations, you should not use our Website.

4 YOUR PRIVACY
4.1   The privacy of your personal data is important to us. Please see our PRIVACY POLICY, which forms part of these General Terms, for details of how we will process your personal data.

5 OUR USE OF COOKIES
5.1   This Website uses cookies. Please see our COOKIE POLICY, which forms part of our General Terms, for further details.

6 PURCHASING GOODS AND SERVICES FROM OUR WEBSITE
6.1   If you purchase goods or services from our Website then such purchases will be subject to our TERMS OF PURCHASE.

6.2   Experiences detailed on the Experiences Website are not subject to our Website Terms of Purchase.  These experiences are only available for purchase from the particular experience provider and are not available to purchase from our Website.  Any purchase of an experience is exclusively subject to and governed by the applicable terms and conditions for the experience in question.

7 UPLOADING YOUR CONTENT TO OUR WEBSITE
7.1   On certain parts of our Website, you may be invited to submit materials for publication on our Website and/or use by us in accordance with these General Terms (“Your Content”). Your Content will be moderated by us before being uploaded to the Website. Aston Martin may in its discretion determine whether Your Content is suitable for inclusion on the Website, and makes no guarantee that Your Content will be uploaded to the Website or used by us. If you choose to upload materials, you must ensure that Your Content complies with our Acceptable Content Guidelines below.

8 ACCEPTABLE CONTENT GUIDELINES
8.1   Your Content must not breach any third party Rights anywhere in the world. We appreciate that you may not be an expert in Rights, but by way of example:   

a.	Your Content must not include music unless you have written the music yourself or have a licence from the person who wrote and recorded the music;    

b.	Your Content does not feature other cars unless they are Aston Martins; and    

c.	Your Content must not contain any other identifiable brands or logos other than Aston Martin Brands or logos.

8.2   You must have the express consent of any individual featured in Your Content to their image and/or voice being used in accordance with the permission you grant to us below. If you do not have their consent, you must not submit any content featuring that individual to the Website;

8.3   Your Content must not:    

a.	show Aston Martin cars being driven in an unsafe or irresponsible way, or with excessive speed. Your Content must not encourage or condone anti-social behaviour. If cars are featured in your Content, the Content must show cars being driven in a way which complies with laws and regulations in your country (such as the Highway Code in the UK);    

b.	contain any material which is or may reasonably be considered to be threatening, defamatory, obscene, indecent, offensive, pornographic, abusive, liable to incite racial hatred, discriminatory, menacing, scandalous, inflammatory, blasphemous, or in breach of confidence;    

c.	be illegal or infringe the Rights of any third party, in any country in the world; and    d.	be technically harmful (by way of example it must not include any computer viruses, logic bombs, Trojan horses, worms, harmful components, corrupted data or other malicious software or harmful data).

8.4   By uploading Your Content to the Website, you hereby grant Aston Martin and its designees, together with users of the website an irrevocable non-exclusive licence (which is unlimited in time) to view and use Your Content without restriction, including by way of example for commercial purposes.

8.5   We make no guarantee that Your Content will be kept on the Website for any length of time, and we reserve the right to remove Your Content as we see fit. You are urged to keep back up copies of any of Your Content submitted to us. The Website should not be used as your primary method to store or curate copies of your images, videos or text, as Your Content may be removed permanently from the Website at any time, and Aston Martin may not keep copies of Your Content.

8.6   If you wish to request us to stop using any of Your Content at any time, you should notify us by emailing digital@astonmartin.com setting out details of Your Content (the “Notified Content”) and, for Notified Content published on our Website, where it can be found on the Website. We will endeavour to respond promptly and to endeavour to cease using the Notified Content. However, please note that once you have posted Your Content, it may be shared and reposted by Aston Martin on other websites and used in other media and publications. Whilst we will endeavour to cease using any Notified Content within a reasonable time of the date you notify us of your request to do so, we cannot give any guarantee that we will be able to do so where the Notified Content has been published on the Website or in other media.

9 TAKE DOWN PROCEDURE FOR MATERIALS
9.1   If you have good reason to believe that any Materials posted by other users do not comply with the Acceptable Content Guidelines, then you should notify us by emailing us at digital@astonmartin.com or clicking on the Flag as Inappropriate / Report Content button.

9.2   Where we receive notification that Materials posted by other users does not comply with the Acceptable Content Guidelines, we will endeavour to investigate promptly. Whilst we are investigating, we reserve the right to remove the affected Materials immediately from our Website.

10 REGISTRATION
10.1   You may need to register with our Website in order to use certain parts or functions of our Website. Your access to such parts of our website is permitted on the basis that:    

a.	Only you use your username and password; and    

b.	You provide correct, current and complete information about yourself when registering;

10.2   If you breach any of these General Terms, or any of the other terms and policies referred to in these General Terms, your account and ability to access and use your account may be terminated by us immediately by giving written notice to you using the contact details you gave to us on registration.

10.3   You are entitled to terminate your account with us at any time by notifying us through the appropriate account management screens. If you terminate your account, please note that Your Content published on our Website will still be visible to others on the Website, and we may continue to display Your Content on the Website unless you request us to remove it in writing in which case clause 8.6 will apply.

10.4   We may withdraw your access to the Website and/or your account at any time and for any reason and we will not be liable for any resulting loss of damage to the fullest extent permissible in law.

11 USING THE CONFIGURE APPLICATION
11.1   You may use the configure application (“Configure Application”) on our Website to provide an indication of the various specifications and finishes that are available for Aston Martin vehicle models.

11.2   You should not rely on the specifications or designs produced by the Configure Application as this is intended to provide general information only. We cannot guarantee that particular specifications or designs will be available to purchase or that they can be purchased at the price indicated on the Website. Please contact an Aston Martin dealer for further advice or specific information as to availability and pricing.

12 REQUESTING A TEST DRIVE
12.1   You may use our Website to contact an Aston Martin dealer to arrange to test drive a particular model of Aston Martin vehicle(s).

12.2   We cannot guarantee that every model of interest to you will be available to test drive at your preferred dealership. For specific information about availability please contact your preferred dealership directly.

12.3   Please note that to qualify to test drive any Aston Martin model additional terms and conditions will apply. These are available upon request from your preferred Aston Martin dealership.

12.4   Our dealerships reserve the right to refuse a test drive to any applicant without reasons or notice being required and we and our dealers will not be liable for any resulting loss or damage to the fullest extent permissible by law.

13 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
13.1   Our Website and all information, images, photographs and other content displayed on the Website (“Material(s)”) are protected by certain rights. These rights include all patents, rights to inventions, copyright and related rights, moral rights, trademarks and service marks, business names and domain names, goodwill and the right to sue for passing off or unfair competition, rights in designs and all other intellectual property rights, in each case whether registered or unregistered (“Rights”). These Rights either belong directly to Aston Martin or are licensed to us from their respective owners or licensors.

13.2   You may only view, print out and use the Website and the Materials for your own personal, non-commercial use. We expressly reserve all Rights in and to the Website and the Materials and your use of the Website and Materials is subject to the following restrictions. You must not:    

a.	remove any copyright or other proprietary notices contained in the Materials;    

b.	use any Materials from our Website in any manner that may infringe any of our Rights or the Rights of a third party; or    

c.	reproduce, modify, display, perform, publish, distribute, disseminate, broadcast, frame, communicate to the public or circulate to any third party or exploit our Website and/or the Materials in any way, including for any commercial purpose, without our prior written consent.

13.3   Any use of the Website or the Materials in a manner not expressly permitted by these General Terms may constitute an infringement of our Rights or the Rights of our Licensors. We and our Licensors reserve the right to exercise all rights and remedies available in respect of any infringement of Rights in the Website or the Materials accessible on it.

13.4   Our dealerships reserve the right to refuse a test drive to any applicant without reasons or notice being required and we and our dealers will not be liable for any resulting loss or damage to the fullest extent permissible by law.

14 TRADEMARKS
14.1   We reserve all Rights in and to the www.astonmartin.com domain name and all related domains and sub-domains, the name “Aston Martin”, our logo and our service marks, brand names, trading names and/or trademarks appearing on the Website. Other trademarks, products and company names mentioned on the Website may be the trademarks of their respective owners or licensors and the Rights in such marks are reserved to their respective owners or licensors.

14.2   Nothing in these General Terms should be construed as granting any licence or right to use any such trademark or domain name.

15 RELIANCE ON THE INFORMATION ON OUR WEBSITE
15.1   The information published on our Website is for general information purposes only and therefore you should not rely on it and we expressly exclude any liability for any loss or damage arising from your reliance on any information available on our Website to the fullest extent permissible by law.

15.2   We recommend that you take further advice or guidance before taking any action based on the information contained on or generated by our Website. Our customer services department can be contacted using the details that appear at the end of these General Terms should you require any further assistance in this respect.

16 OUR LIABILITY TO YOU
16.1   We are only liable to you in connection with your use of our Website for losses which you suffer as a direct result of our breach of these General Terms. We shall not be liable for any indirect, special, incidental or consequential damage or loss or for any business losses that you may incur, including but not limited to lost data, lost profits or business interruption.

16.2   Aston Martin is not liable for any Materials posted by other users and which are available on the Website. In the event that you believe such Materials infringe any Rights, or are illegal, then you should use the functionality on the Website to flag such Materials so that we may investigate.

16.3  Aston Martin shall not be liable under these General Terms for any experience advertised and provided by a third party experience management partner on the Experiences Website. Liability for such experiences shall be in accordance with the terms and conditions applicable to each such experience.  

16.4   We do not exclude our liability (if any) to you for:    

a.	Personal injury or death resulting from our negligence;    

b.	Fraud or Fraudulent misrepresentation; or    

c.	Any matter for which it would be illegal for us to exclude or to attempt to exclude our liability.

17 YOUR LIABILITY TO US
17.1   You acknowledge that any use by you of the Materials in a manner not expressly permitted by these General Terms may mean that you are infringing our Rights or the Rights of our third party licensors and we and our licensors reserve all rights and remedies against you in respect of any such infringement.

17.2   You hereby agree to compensate Aston Martin, its group companies, its clients, associates and affiliates from and against any loss, cost, damage, expense or liability they may suffer as a result of:    

a.	your breach of these General Terms; and/or    

b.	your use of the Materials; and/or    

c. of any of Your Content

18 LINKING TO OUR WEBSITE
18.1   You may link to any page of our Website, for non commercial purposes provided that you do so in a way that is fair and legal and which does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it.

18.2   You must not link to our Website in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.

18.3   You must not remove, obscure or modify in anyway any advertisements, copyright notice, or other information on our Website. Our Website must not be framed on any other site.

18.4   If you would like to link to our Website for commercial purposes or any purpose not included above, please contact us using the details below.

18.5   We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission at any time and without notice.

19 THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
19.1   Our Website and/or the Materials may contain links to third party websites. If you decide to visit any third party site, you do so at your own risk. We are not responsible for the content, accuracy or opinions expressed on such websites. Links do not imply that we are, or our Website is, affiliated to or associated with such sites.

19.2   Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Website, is subject to that website’s own rules and policies. Please read those rules and policies before proceeding.

19.3  The provisions set out in clause 19.1 above does not apply in respect of the Experiences Website.

20 PRE-OWNED PRODUCTS
20.1   Whilst every effort has been made to ensure that the details of any pre-owned vehicles featured on our pre-owned site are up to date and accurate Aston Martin cannot accept responsibility for such information. Such information and pre-owned vehicles are made available via Aston Martin authorised dealerships and are subject to the terms and conditions of such dealerships.

20.2   Please contact the relevant Aston Martin dealership to confirm vehicle details, status, availability and precise information on vehicle pricing, features, specifications, equipment and mileage details.

20.3   The details listed for pre-owned vehicles are not, and should not be construed as, an offer to sell and the dealership may always accept or reject your offer at its sole discretion. Prices, specifications and availability shown are indicative only.

21 ENQUIRIES AND COMPLAINTS
21.1   If you have an enquiry or complaint about this Website, you should contact our customer services department at Customer Services, Aston Martin Lagonda Limited, Banbury Road, Gaydon, Warwick CV35 0DB and we will try to answer your enquiry or resolve any complaint as soon as possible.

22 GENERAL PROVISIONS & APPLICABLE LAW
22.1   You may not assign, sub-license or otherwise transfer any of your rights under these General Terms.

22.2   If any provision of these General Terms is found to be invalid for any reason, the invalidity of that provision will not affect the remaining provisions of these General Terms, which shall remain in full force and effect.

22.3   Failure by either of us to exercise any right or remedy under these General Terms does not constitute a waiver of that right or remedy.

22.4   The English Courts will have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising from or related to this Website. English Law will apply to these General Terms.

22.5   The Materials contained on our Website may not satisfy legislative requirements in countries outside the UK. If you choose to access our Website from outside the UK you are responsible for ascertaining to what extent local laws are applicable and compliance with such laws.